Ah!
Who are you?
You're done.
ever
Why are you in the hospital?
Who did this to you?
You tell dad
Dad calls the shots for you
Dad, let's not talk about this, you do it first
Why are you out now?
It's been so many years
Dad did well
It was released early
Dad?
You said before that you were murdered like jade.
Who is it?
Can you tell me now?
Mom, we can't escape him
Forget it.
Dad doesn't have long
Now I just want to spend more time with you and Xiao Di
Master, this is it
Jiang Wanyi Bar
I'll check it out.
I heard you had an accident in Cave Valley
Just come and see
Thank you, Mr. Su
Over the years I have seen the environment grow up
You are his wife
I naturally see you as one of my own
All right.
Daddy bought you your favorite fruit
Dad?